Docs: Add Configuring Elasticsearch documentation for required privileges (#87593)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/elasticsearch/configure-elasticsearch-data-source.md

Only users with the organization `administrator` role can add data sources.
Administrators can also [configure the data source via YAML](#provision-the-data-source) with Grafana's provisioning system.

> ## Configuring Elasticsearch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring Elasticsearch permissions
```

or just

```suggestion
## Configuring permissions
```

Maybe something like this? The first heading already says `Configure the Elasticsearch data source`. Would be weird to have another `Configuring Elasticsearch` section there in my opinion.

Author: 👍 yeah, I think  `Configuring permissions` make sense and is clear.

When Elasticsearch security features are enabled, it is essential to configure the necessary cluster privileges to ensure seamless operation. Below is a list of the required privileges along with their purposes:

- **monitor** - Necessary to retrieve the version information of the connected Elasticsearch instance.

> - **view_index_metadata** - Required for accessing mapping definitions of indices

Author: ```suggestion
- **view_index_metadata** - Required for accessing mapping definitions of indices.
```

> ## Configuring permissions
> 
> When Elasticsearch security features are enabled, it is essential to configure the necessary cluster privileges to ensure seamless operation. Below is a list of the required privileges along with their purposes:
> 
> - **monitor** - Necessary to retrieve the version information of the connected Elasticsearch instance.
> - **view_index_metadata** - Required for accessing mapping definitions of indices.
> - **read** - Grants the ability to perform search and retrieval operations on indices. This is essential for querying and extracting data from the cluster.

Reviewer 2: - Avoid gerunds in headings (verbs with an 'ing' ending): https://developers.google.com/style/headings
- Rewrites to use some active voice for configuring cluster privileges
- Rewrites the list to be parallel: https://developers.google.com/style/lists#parallel-syntax

```suggestion
## Configure permissions

When Elasticsearch security features are enabled, you must configure the necessary cluster privileges to ensure operation.
Below is a list of the required privileges along with their purposes:

- **monitor** - Retrieve the version information of the connected Elasticsearch instance.
- **view_index_metadata** - Access mapping definitions of indices.
- **read** - Perform search and retrieval operations on indices.
  This is essential for querying and extracting data from the cluster.

```
